In this file:

1. Explain briefly what your project does and how it works.
    I created a game based on the Google’s dinosaur game that you can play on Chrome when you have no internet
    connection. The game involves using the arrow keys and/or space bar jumps over cacti and ducks under or jump over
    pterodactyls. I created a Dino that jumps and ducks as the ground moves towards him at a at speed that gradually
    increases as the players score gets higher. The dino accelerates up as it jumps and accelerates down at a slower
    rate. The player using the space bar or up arrow makes the dino jump over the cacti. There are two types of cacti
    big and small randomly appear. The big cacti have 4 images that could randomly appear and the small cacti have 3.
    The cacti move toward the dino until they move off the screen and after they move off the screen they are moved back
    onto it and another random cacti image is chosen. The background also has clouds that randomly appear at different
    heights. The pterodactyls work similar to the cacti they flip between two images to give the appears of flight and
    randomly appear at 3 different heights. The cacti and pterodactyls have boxes on them, so that if the dino hits the
    obstacles the game is over. The more ground is covered the higher the score so the score is constantly changing as
    the ground is moved. Every 600 score points the time of day changes to night mode for the next 400 points. A high
    score is kept of the all time highest score. I also added color to the game. If you lose the game you have to wait
    a couple seconds before hitting the space bar to restart it.

2. List the names of the classes in your project.
    The names of the classes I used are Dino, Ground, Cloud, Cacti_Big, Cacti_Small, Ptero, and Scoreboard.

3. If working with partner(s), indicate briefly how you divided up the work,
   that is, who did what?
   N/A

4. List the modules (libraries) that you used (the things in IMPORT statements).
    The modules I used were pygame, sys, time, and random

5. Briefly list what things in the project are beyond what you learned
   from the regular classwork in CSSE 120.  Include the major PyGame features
   that you used in this list.

    I learned how to make the dino image jump. I even used some equations from physics to make the dino accelerate up
    and then speed up as it was coming down although to fit the game I had to adjust some of the math. I learned to how
    to make the dino appear to walk by alternating the image displayed. I learned how to randomly make images appear for the
    clouds, cacti, and pterodactyls. I also figured out how loop the image for the ground so it appears infinite. I learned
    out how to import a new font. I also learned how to read and write on a .txt file through my program which I used for
    the high score. Another thing I learned is how to freeze the display for a couple second using the time module.
    The program sees if the score is higher then the score it reads from the file and if it is it rewrites
    the new score on the file. The major pygame features I used were setting up a display, loading images, bliting images
    on to the screen, creating rectangles for hitboxes, setting hitbox collide points, creating sound objects for sound effects,
    creating a font object to get a specific font for the game, setting up a clock, setting the frame rate or display refresh rate,
    getting pressed keys, setting up certain keys to do certain things, updating the display, how to quit the program, and set it up
    so it quits when you hit the exit button.

